[Skeleton] New component (#16786)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/pages/api/skeleton.md

---
filename: /packages/material-ui-lab/src/Skeleton/Skeleton.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Skeleton API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Skeleton React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import { Skeleton } from '@material-ui/lab';
```

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'div'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |

> | <span class="prop-name">disableAnimate</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | Disable the animation effect. |

Reviewer: Should we follow the
```suggestion
| <span class="prop-name">disableAnimate</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true` the animation effect is disabled. |
```

convention?

Author: Thanks
